[docs] Relayminer config documentation (#288)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/configs/relayminer_config.md

The `proxy_names` section of the supplier configuration is the list of proxies
that the `RelayMiner` will use to serve the requests for the given supplier entry.

It must be a valid proxy name that is defined in the `proxies` section of the
configuration file, must be unique across the supplier's `proxy_names`  and the
`supplier` `type` must match the `type` of the referenced `proxy`.

# Proxy -> Supplier referencing

To illustrate how the `proxy_names` and `name` fields are used to reference
proxies and suppliers, let's consider the following configuration file:

```yaml
proxies:
  - name: http-example
    ...
  - name: http-example-2
suppliers:
  - name: ethereum
    ...
    proxy_names:
      - http-example
      - http-example-2
  - name: 7b-llm-model
    ...
    proxy_names:
      - http-example
```

In this example, the `ethereum` supplier is referencing two proxies, `http-example`
and `http-example-2` and the `7b-llm-model` supplier is referencing only the
`http-example` proxy. This would result in the following setup:

```
- http-example
  - ethereum
  - 7b-llm-model
- http-example-2
  - ethereum
```

## RelayMiner config -> On-chain service relationship

> The following diagram illustrates how the `RelayMiner` config must match the
> on-chain staked service endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates how the _off-chain_ `RelayMiner` operator
config (yaml) must match the _on-chain_ `Supplier` actor service endpoints
for correct and deterministic behaviour.

If these do not match, the behaviour is non-deterministic and could result in a
variety of errors such as bad QoS, incorrect proxying, burning of the actor, etc...
```

_Assuming that the on-chain endpoints 1 and 2 have different hosts_

```mermaid

> flowchart LR

Reviewer: I started making a few edits to the chart so the `yaml <-> protobuf` conversion is clearer. Might need a few more tweaks but lmk wyt

```mermaid
flowchart LR

    subgraph "Supplier Actor (On-Chain)"
        subgraph "SupplierServiceConfig (protobuf)"
            subgraph svc1["Service1 (protobuf)"]
                svc1Id[Service1.Id]
                subgraph SupplierEndpoint
                    EP1[Endpoint1]
                    EP2[Endpoint2]
                end
            end
            subgraph svc2[Service2]
                svc2Id[Service2.Id]
            end
        end
    end

    subgraph "RelayMiner Operator (Off-Chain)"
        subgraph "DevOps Operator Configs (yaml)"
            subgraph svc1Config["Service1 Config (yaml)"]
                svc1IdConfig[name=Service1.Id]-->svc1Id
            subgraph Hosts
                H1[Endpoint1.Host]-->EP1
                H2[Endpoint2.Host]-->EP2
            end
        end
        subgraph svc2Config[Service2 Config]
            svc2IdConfig[Service2.Id]
        end
    end
  end

  svc2Config-->svc2
  ```

The name of the service which will be used as a unique identifier to reference
a service provided by the `Supplier` and served by the `RelayMiner` instance.

It must match the `Service.Id` specified by the supplier when staking for the
service.

## `type`
_`Required`_

The transport type that the service will be offered on. It must match the `type` field
of the proxy that the supplier is referencing through `proxy_names`.

> Must be one of the [supported types](https://github.com/pokt-network/poktroll/tree/main/pkg/relayer/config/types.go#L8).

Author: Following the provided instructions didn't generate links. I resorted to create a section at the bottom of the document and referred to it.
